Practice Quiz: Getting Ready for Python

Question 1
Which of the following is the most modern, up-to-date version of Python?

Ans: Python 3

Question 2
Which of the following operating systems is compatible with Python 3?

Ans: All of the above

Question 3
Which of the following operating systems does not run on a Linux kernel?

Ans: Mac OS

Question 4
If we want to check to see  what version of Python is installed, what would we type into the command line? Select all that apply.

Ans: 
python --version
python -V

Question 5
What is pip an example of?

Ans: a Python package manager


Practice Quiz: Running Python Locally

Question 1
When your IDE automatically creates an indent for you, this is known as what?

Ans: Code completion

Question 2
Can you identify the error in the following code?

#!/usr/bin/env python3
import numpy as np

def numpyArray():
    x = np.array([[1, 2, 3], [4, 5, 6]], np.int32)
    y = numpy.array([[3, 6, 2], [9, 12, 8]], np.int32)
    return x*y
print(numpyArray())

Ans: The y variable is not calling the numpy module properly.

Question 3
Which type of programming language is read and converted to machine code before runtime, allowing for more efficient code?

Ans: Compiled language

Question 4
Which of the following is not an IDE or code editor?

Ans: pip

Question 5
What does the PATH variable do?

Ans: Tells the operating system where to find executables


Practice Quiz: Automation

Question 1
At a manufacturing plant, an employee spends several minutes each hour noting uptime and downtime for each of the machines they are running. Which of the following ideas would best automate this process?

Ans: Add an analog Internet of Things (IoT) module to each machine, in order to detect their power states, and write a script that records uptime and downtime, reporting hourly

Question 2
One important aspect of automation is forensic value. Which of the following statements describes this term correctly?

Ans: It is important for automated processes to leave extensive logs so when errors occur, they can be properly investigated.

Question 3
An employee at a technical support company is required to collate reports into a single file and send that file via email three times a day, five days a week for one month, on top of his other duties. It takes him about 15 minutes each time. He has discovered a way to automate the process, but it will take him at least 10 hours to code the automation script. Which of the following equations will help them decide whether it's worth automating the process?

Ans: if [10 hours to automate < (15 minutes * 60 times per month)] then automate

Question 4
A company is looking at automating one of their internal processes and wants to determine if automating a process would save labor time this year. The company uses the formula [time_to_automate < (time_to_perform * amount_of_times_done) to decide whether automation is worthwhile. The process normally takes about 10 minutes every week. The automation process itself will take 40 hours total to complete. Using the formula, how many weeks will it be before the company starts saving time on the process?

Ans: 240 weeks

Question 5
Which of the following are valid methods to prevent silent automation errors? (Check all that apply)

Ans:
Email notifications about errors
Internal issue tracker entries
Regular consistency checks
